We're gonna build this food App Store.
So if we gotta Nuxt Food App.netlify.app,
we've got this food app and
we can see these kind of like a few
restaurants all that and Dim Sum.
A Real pizza work, Toca bout Eating Tacos.
And if we go to one of these,
we can see that product details.
We're creating or
dynamically creating a page from API data.
And so I can pick a bunch of different
options and some other Add Ons and
I can add to my price here and
I'm gonna add that to my cart.
And then I'm gonna go to my cart.
And you can see in the cart
page I have my Quesadila and
what type of Quesadila it is my
Add Ons my amount and my total price.
So we're gonna work with an app and
create all of these different pages and
bring information in from an API to do so.
So in order to install this, what we're
gonna do is we're gonna say yarn create
nuxt-app and we're gonna name the project.
So here Inside my folder here I'm
gonna say yarn create nuxt-app, and
then I'm gonna give it
a name of Nuxt Food App.
And as it's installing, it's going
to install a bunch of dependencies.
And then it's also gonna ask me a few
questions just like the VCLI did.
So I've got my project name is fine
JavaScript or TypeScript yarn, and
I can add a UI framework and I can add
axios and I can add linting tools and
testing tools,
we're not gonna go through all of these.
Today we're gonna use the universal
I'm gonna do static so
that I can show you that
static rendering mode.
And then I'm just kind of going
through all of the defaults here.
We can see that there's so many
different options available to you and
it's going to automatically install
these when it first loads up,
you're gonna see a kind of standard
thing for the directory setup.
You might notice that one
difference between VCLI and
Nuxt was it didn't ask ask us about
the storage and ask us about view x.
And part of the reason why it didn't ask
us about view x, is it because it comes
default with next and I'll show you these
directories as soon as this is set up.
Okay, cool.
We can say, cd nuxt food app and
I can say, yarn dev, and
I'm gonna open up a new tab two and
open up the code.
So here's what we're working with here.
Here is our default Nuxt app.
As I mentioned,
we have a store directory right away.
There's nothing in this In this store
directory, but they make sure that they
have read me's and every single directory
that tell you all about these things.
So, like it says here, creating a file in
this directory automatically activates
the option in the framework.
So you don't have to install view x or
anything like that.
All you have to do is create
an index in your store or
whatever you wanna make in your store and
it won't that you want that and
need that and it has these
kind of nice things like that.
This .nuxt folder is a folder that
nuxt uses to understand itself.
This is you can see like what hasn't been
getting ignored, this is getting ignored.
It's not going to be pushed up,
but it will be something
that nuxt uses to work note locally
just like those node modules.
If we look at our assets directory,
that's where we're gonna have
our global assets, right?
Just like the UCLA.
So today we're gonna move our mean.STS,
I showed you how to bring
all of your files from your?
Your main.CSS into your app for the last
one if you just have a few styles,
but in this case we have more styles.
So I'm gonna create a global assets so
I'm gonna show you both
ways of working with it.
We have our components.
And just like the view CLI,
it gives us a default component.
In this case, it's log.view.
So we've got the like, template area,
the style area here, and
that's gonna give us our logo.
If you wanna see what that looks like.
We can go see,
this is the logo that's rendered there.
That's that component.
If we go back to our,
VS code, we have a thing
called the layouts and
we have a default layout.
I mentioned this in the last course
that everything in Nuxt is gonna be
routed through this Nuxt component.
But this layouts default
is really nice because what
it allows us to do is it allows
us to not have to bring in,
an navigation or a footer on every page.
We can put it in this layouts default,
and then it will persist on every page.
And that's really nice because we
can also create different types of
layouts as we work middle ware is,
you're gonna see in a second,
we're gonna make pages by simply putting
a view file in a pages directory.
But let's say, if you're making something
with UCLA, you would add something like
view router and you would explicitly
talk about each one of the routes.
Which you don't have to do here.
But if you wanted to capture some
sort of hooks between those routes,
you no longer have access to that,
view router file anymore.
So in middle ware,
you have access to those routes, and
that's where you can apply some logic.
So middle ware is a great
place to do things like auth.
Middle ware is a great place to do things
like tell the store about the route
changing or something like that.
That would be done in middleware.
And I mentioned this about the pages
directory, we have an index page.
And we have this kind
of defaults container.
You see this logo being brought in,
just like we did with the view CLI and
we are able to have this kind of defaults,
but what's really nice about
it Is that we have, a base index file and
all of a sudden we have a page.
If I created another page,
I would have a brand new page.
And you also might notice that in every
single directory they have README files
just in case you get lost or confused.
For the plugins directory, we're gonna
use this to call things on the server on
the client that we need to happen for
the whole application.
So if you're used to working with vcli
This is a little like mounting it in
the main.js folder.
So like bringing in
the composition API globally would
happen in this plugins folder.
Static is what you might
think it might be.
It's kind of like the public
folder from vcli.
Static is any kind of static files,
and we went over store.
And here is kinda the brains of
the operation is our next config.
I mentioned that we have
this target static,
that's the thing that's gonna
tell it to be a jam stack app.
It's going to minify concatenate and
build all of the pages,
including dynamic routes
before we even push it up.
So that's really, really cool.
Here also in that Nuxt config,
we have a thing called the head.
In the head, you see all the things that
would normally go in the head of public,
like in the public
directory index dot HTML,
you would have the meta title,
you'd have the title, the meta tags.
Links to fonts, things like that.
But here,
instead of it being these those tags,
we see that it's rendered in a way that's
a little bit similar to JSON format.
And the reason why that is,
is because it builds all of those things.
So you're basically telling it to build
that rather than having it built already
for you, then we have things like the CSS,
we have to register things like the CSS,
global CSS, plugins,
build modules, and so forth.
So we mentioned this Nuxt.config.
This is a really important file.
This is the file that lets us
know what everything is and does,
we can, say that we want spa or
universal rendering.
We can do target static or server.
We can say in the head we
want metadata links fonts.
In the CSS, we can say we want some
global CSS, which we'll do in a minute.
We have plugins which we'll use today for
adding scripts to our to,
globally to our application.
And if you want more information,
that's where the configuration is.
So I prepared this.
We're doing a lot for this application.
So I prepared this to do list for
our next app.
And if you want it to
go into the code pen,
it actually is using a view
single file component and
to get really dorky what I did was I'm
actually storing things in local storage.
So I'm gonna use this and
I'm gonna go through and
check things as we go over them.
But you can follow along and
use this as your own to do and
it will retain the state
have what you want.
So like if I brought this over into
another pen into another window,
you can see it will persist that
state just for you in local storage.
So that's kind of like a nerdy
little to do list that we're doing.
We're gonna set up our Nuxt config first.
And then we're gonna go into some of the,
files and create pages together.